[Music] Let's
see the topic of the funa
this one is not from osu It's that I have no idea
what osu is I'm going to find out here
with you Kendo promoter of the funa
osu osu osu accused of mistreatment and abuse
by his ex the end of the Uber elite
roldier linked to osu well well let's
see let's find out about the movement I
mean absolutely I know nothing eh
only that I just saw the good one that you
were giving me a lot of trouble with this
no and that the guy sh has posted a tweet eh
asking for evidence that's the only thing I've
seen on the subject Kendo promoter of the funa
to osu accused of mistreatment and abuse by
his ex I mean Kendo is this ub tuber who
has 742,000 subscribers But osu what
is it specifically what is it a
company what an agency as if it were
a jlan or something like that but exclusively or
specialized in uber what is it
exactly because he says he was expelled from
osu an agency okay perfect and one of the ones he
was supporting the most  the funa I
mean after they kick him out not to see
click summary my dad dies of
covid and the only person I had
at that time was him he was the
last person who knew my dad
So I clung to him Since he has no
idea he always says it's It's that always
whenever something happens he always brings up his
dad who passed away when he was like
15 years old I don't know why he does it I try
not to talk to him about my dad passing away
but he always does I identified
with him and obviously I he gave me love you
know he gave me love not like three
weeks He told me that Hey eh I
like you and he confessed to me and we became a couple
Yes yes yes in November it really was a
very nice relationship the first three
months this person was quite is very
jealous very jealous very controlling he
was my first boyfriend he was my first
relationship So I made a lot of mistakes
in the relationship Also a lot of the
things that he told me was that I
like toxic people I like
jealous girls and I'm not like that chat
he was the one who told me I want
you to be  toxic and I literally never
complained to him and we had a
really big problem eh they were his friends sometimes I
wanted to do things with my friend and he didn't
want to and it got to a point where
he said either you stop talking
to that guy or we'll break up like that he said
you're not allowed to talk to this guy I did
n't know I felt like a little cage you
know how Oh he's being unfaithful to
his guy geey I never ever chatted I was
unfaithful to him but like he said
crazy things like like since I was with another
guy dude I can't have friends because
you hate that I have friends dude I mean
really there no there things got
horrible chat there it got there Okay here there's
a before and after dude and when he
drank a lot of chat he's a
pretty violent person there were times ch one he would
hit him like that he would say to me you've got me up to my
neck he would say to me and he would hit him
to things like that to me I mean in a few
words he mistreated me he hit him
things he even broke his base Station
because pretend that one time
we're at a party  true because he
only wanted to chat that I use skins I had little
ones because that was what was
left with my voice geey once he got
mad at me he hit so hard he had
he has Well I don't know he had a cas
this thing about dolls that inspire as
underage characters is something that
apparently in the ub tubers it is clear
but it is because of the style of the drawings I do not
know much about the youtuber world more than
what we have talked about some
controversies like what nimu did eh hostia
That nimu went up it would be the [ __ ] it would be the
[ __ ] that nimu went to talk about this
Well I'm going to find out about La Movida and and we
call her okay I'm going to find out about La
Movida and we contacted her house where her
walls were like very soft
Then he punched the wall and
the wall broke dude a
hole was made a dent and he said It's your
fault I get like this because of you I broke
the wall that's how it was always like that it was everything it
was my fault chat everything it was my fault everything
everything that happened was when I  he started to
verbally insult me ​​I told him I
don't want to go out with you because neither my
mom nor my dad nor anyone had
spoken to me like you spoke to me
today that day he said if you don't
call back we break up here
things are over and I said yes okay the
next day he'll send me a request he says hey I
know I was wrong Forgive me but I
got really angry because you broke up with me he did
n't apologize cha I got into a really
big fight with my mom because my mom
told me I don't want you to bring I don't want you to
bring him home He told me to
go to his hotel to drop off his and and
well and well I said Well I went and we
got to the
hotel I sat on the bed and he
closed the curtains and it looked all dark
with stains right He just texted me Right now
look he says ha he was answering a
tweet in which I said appear His
Majesty has returned okay And I started he
tells me with a stain well said the bastard I
know what I have to do if I want to have
100k but right now  feel like being
calm and there is the evidence
totally eh totally eh literal
literal literal I could put it to com
stain now and if not you can always
see a os asses no no no no no no it
would not have been trending that yours and
and I was very scared chat I don't know
how much scared you are And then he told me
that and I stayed quiet and and I said
here are two he came from very far away and
well the first thing literally throw is
that the first thing he wanted to do when he
met me was is saen I mean it wasn't that
I told him let's go to the plaza no I mean
really then I said then that that that
this I already went to bed you know
after that he told me I was I
was very bad chat I was I started to
cry I was very very bad really
too bad and he told me and he told me and he told me
and I turned to look at me and he said it seems it seems like I just
raped you like that he told me and I I
stayed and and I said that well it's that
I didn't want to I mean I why chat
when we were when we were before we
saw each other I told him many
times  to him that I didn't want to do anything
with him that when we saw each other I didn't
want to do anything with him because chat I had never
even given a kiss I had never
given a kiss in my life dude So
I told him I don't want to do anything
with you I told him But he didn't care and
when we were in the room
obviously chat was so manipulated dude it was it was
something horrible dude it was me
And I told him I told him that I did
n't want to do anything because for me my
concept of having a relationship with
someone relationships with someone is for
me that's what it was like being married being together and
when we were married then
having the honeymoon I told him that's why
I don't want to do anything with you because
I don't want my first time to be with
someone I don't want you know, like
someone I'm not going to marry I
told him and he didn't care she's a minor no I
understand that she's a minor no because she's
talking about her first time I tried to
ignore that and I had a great time I had a
great time the truth is I took him
everywhere chat all over Mexico I took him
to  Sochimilco I took him everywhere Oh
another thing he forced me to take and
forced me to take the pill that
hormonal pill I don't know what it's called the one with
hormones and I didn't I didn't want to
because in the [ __ ] instructions dude in
the [ __ ] instructions it says that there are many
bad consequences dude he told me a
week after I had intimacy
with him he said We have to talk the
truth is that we can't be
together anymore he told me we can't be
together anymore I don't want anything with you And
obviously I begged him and I said Hey
but it's that I told you that I didn't
want to do anything Unless I had
someone eh with like someone to marry me
he was 19 and she was 18 Yeah he told me No
well and then he said It's that
I don't even know why I did it dude how that hurt me
chat really He told me I mean he
told me that he didn't want me to
bother him that he was already doing his
thing and that and and that noer he had
no knowledge you know I had vomited
blood came out of my nose  I fainted I
said dude I'm really sick and I took
I took two pregnancy tests and they came
out positive when he was
intimate with me He told me don't tell
anyone we did anything He said No do
n't tell your mom So ch
I didn't have anyone I didn't tell
your mom he told her in a note oh my God no
nobody knew I was alone she said yeah
please already he says Ofelia 10 members
just gave a kiss Ofelia a
huge kiss Thank you so much you're an
accuser I said dude Are you serious are you
serious that you're telling me that after
that I said you know what Yeah I mean I already talked a
lot dude all December I was
telling him that we should talk that please
think things over he washed his
hands and said I'm not going to say anything
people will realize for themselves that
we're not together anymore and what do you think happened
to me all the people who do you think
came to throw [ __ ] at the one who had the
giant community or the one who had the
smallest community Well I didn't say
anything I'm not I'm not a minor  I
met him yes when I was a minor I
was 17 and he was 18 when I
met him but we were
only a year apart back then when what I
told you happened I was 18 and he
was 19 no it wasn't we were
both of legal age he notices people
who have a squeaky voice he likes them
like girls you know what he told me to say
bro dude that's what he told me tell me
bro tell me bro And I what what
Tell me tell me chas and things like that dude I mean and I
had a skin of a girl gy I
mean I used small skins Oh no God
Sant all I did chat was head
geey I started hanging out dej I tried to
put things aside with him geey and he
started hanging out with streamers a little
older than me a kiss gorgeous
thanks they started putting me all on Oh here
comes the hangup he says that I didn't
support him that I don't know what but really
you guys have no idea of ​​​​everything that  I
tried to help him, I've
been living where people don't want to
hang out with me because I'm his ex because
I was supposedly the toxic one, the bad one, dude, I
'm really fed up, he talked about me with the
person I was dating, dude, it's
been 2 years since we broke up, dude, you have to
keep meddling in my
things, after 2 years, you have to
keep talking bad about me after
so much time, never contain anything about everything that
happened, okay, here, if I haven't understood
wrong, the girl is recounting abuse, I don't
understand what she's recounting, an abuse that she's recounting,
well, that she had a boyfriend, a boy she
met, not with whom she
lost her virginity, and eh, and what, and
that the boy treated her very badly, but I
understand that what you're recounting is
abuse, isn't it or isn't it, guys,
before moving on to the next point, I
understand that the boy takes advantage of
her, abuses her, not her, what she
feels, at least what she perceives, is
that she has been abused, no, while she
was like unconscious or what is this
relationship without consent, but
of course, what I haven't, what I haven't
I realized if she was unconscious or
how she accuses him of mistreatment, relationship
with her without consent and
forcing her to take the morning
after pill and she also got pregnant
but she wasn't unconscious that's what I'm
telling you, I mean, what are we talking about
here without consent, yes, yes at no
time was she unconscious, she wasn't Ah, that it's
abuse because she was
manipulated Ah but that I don't know if it counts
as abuse, eh, I mean, we're talking about
him when he's 19, she's 18 mm, I don't know if that
counts as abuse So you're really
in love, something else, that the guy is an
[ __ ] and first he plays along with you
to sleep with you, then he tells you
no, who's with you, okay, but of course that does
n't count as abuse, as a relationship without consent, let's keep
reading to see if we find out more about the
story, okay, Kendo announced that he will
respond live in a while, if it's
soon, I'll add it, let's see, okay, let's see
Ah, so we're following this, this,
this move is happening right now, she
felt manipulated to do it, of course,
but that doesn't quantify as abuse, eh,
that's as abuse. All that's missing is that I
already paid, no other  The thing is that the
guy is an [ __ ], the guy is a
manipulator is worth a thousand things, but man, it does
n't count as abuse. I'm aware of
the situation. Later tonight I'll do a live
talk about everything. I'll let you know here when it
comes on so you guys are aware. Look at the
cat, the cat is really involved in this
funa, eh, geshe just said
publicly that Kendo sexually abused
her, rape. Well, she tells us that
after a sexual encounter, he
told her, it seems like I just raped you, but it
seems like I just raped you, it sounds to
me like a phrase that he would say to her
because, since it was her first time, she
wouldn't be the most imaginative in
bed and she would be like throwing it in his face
that she hadn't done anything, that she hadn't
moved or something like that. I imagine that's where
the shots go. eh, I imagine
that's where the shots go, it's abuse, there's no
doubt about it. Hello Javi. Yes, this
is not abuse or your agency, let's see what
this has to do with the cancellation of
this company, which is what is  is
talking about no agency ub tuber controlled
according to the vanguard by misra Drake Coat
And roldier how how do you know who
roldier is no that he has a gameover here of
the [ __ ] host no but I knew that he
was a very good friend of misra yes of always
of many years but Drake Coat
have a company have a company let's
see I know that Drake co controls the
Uber issue no and uploads a lot of content on
Twitter about Uber and I think he was like a
gossip youtuber but about ubers LOL
according to the vanguard okay And what is
happening in the company apparently some
avatars of the ub tubers that
retired are property of osu ​​so they
could not use them anymore
let's see and rabit tuer who
would be part of wur would make the
following statements right now
negotiations are being carried out privately with the
girls through their respective emails these
responses are delayed since they
require an analysis of all the
contexts many demand responses in
extremely short times but in
these circumstances they are simply not
possible when they chose
formal communication through
legal advisors unilaterally and
by many without asking for another means
of contact unfortunately for my
part I can't do much more since I don't
have at the end of the act she started to
cry because she only wanted to have
relations with the person she
was married to and her first time she
wanted to have it on her honeymoon from there
when he saw her crying he told her that it seemed like he
had raped her Oh because of the reaction she
was having no the situation
let's see is that the phrase can
mean whatever it means okay I'm
watching the story eh it's a 21
minute video that says place which is a summary
the mother who gave birth to me video with the whole
context of the funa well come on let's
see it the Movida is that you have to
find out about the thing well eh To talk
about this because we are talking about
serious issues and accusations trianero a
handsome kiss let's see eh what the girl has
reported is not an abuse that then you Ah it's
not that she was manipulated man of course
now then based on that then you
go accusing of being an abuser to whomever you want okay
evidently a
boy who wants to sleep with you is
going to  eat and he's going to give you his ear Ah, he's taken
advantage of my innocence
man, but let's see, I don't understand that
as abuse, that a
manipulator takes advantage, a bastard but an abuse.
That's not abuse, it's that they take advantage of
a person who is not in full possession of their
faculties to give consent or that there is
force, not an obligation by
force, that would already be a violation,
at least here in Spain, the
corresponding knowledge to
carry out the situation by myself,
the only thing I can promise you at the
moment is that this will not become
a W. Regarding the leak of the
girls' personal data, it was never
our intention to reach a point of
that nature. I can't comment much more
since that would imply breaking different
confidentiality documents, which
at least I am respecting. On the
other hand, gbel would publish screenshots of
tweets from a person who apparently
works with osu who would expose them by
mentioning this in it. You could see
tweets that would say noos drakeout that
minutes later Juri dooge would delete them,
however, hours after
those tweets were published,  they would put osu to work let's
read it these are the dirtiest rags
of osu ​​one of its content creators
silenced him for talking about the
bad things of the platform and there are many
worse things yet cannot be said I
will keep you informed when I asked
things they did not answer me they never helped me
with the content and I practically had to
figure it out myself in the
editing issue it did not last long in the live shows I
did and videos I sent Only two
came out they always saw us as
replaceable people Drake Hot is an
incredible case while I was asking
things for the content like how to do
things and issues of the Editors he did not
answer me and only spoke with this of
moving it with roler none the only
time I had contact with him was to
give him the idea of ​​reviving hiru Dodge
for April Fools' Day sometimes he did not
answer and when he answered me he did not
say anything Only that we were going to do it
just for the day before today
the innocent gave me the idea of ​​​​what to do
and I could not prepare anything they have no
coordination and always the ideas that  They
should go to the higher
ups to see what I'm understanding of
this funa in this thread this complaint, let's go, let's
call it a complaint because here at the
moment I don't see funa either, I'm also
telling you, that is, here it's basically a
complaint, I'm simply telling them to support
the girls in all of this, okay. There are
a few girls coming at them,
no, let's see, but what is the accusation here,
what they are complaining about is that they are
a bad Network, let's go here about what is being
left of what all the
Networks do from another account asking for forgiveness, I
apologize to all those
belonging to obos, especially @m
nibel, he knows the whole context but
labor abuses and account theft, a
kiss Michel, who was a good friend of mine and I did
n't even consult things with him, I was
overcome by the impulsiveness of the moment and I didn't
manage it well, I was totally
irresponsible and I apologize for what
happened, I deleted everything regarding the
subject, really sorry, on the other hand, after
this situation with osu labit, tuber Kendo, would he
speak out about it, mentioning
that they wanted to defame her? I'm glad that
my friends are finally speaking out
against all the abuse
that osu does, where even I myself had
very bad experiences because they wanted to
defame me, girls you are not alone you have
my full support in this cause, whatever you
need, here I am,
that blacklist is over, osu, on the other hand,
according to ky Channel, I would comment that this
new bber announced by osu would be
drakeout, then that bber would expose
drakeout in the following way and I would
comment on this about a Blacklist that
the agency would have. I don't understand
why they gave drao so much power within
the tubers community when we
could always make content whenever and
with whoever the [ __ ] we wanted.
In 2021, he suggested I go to the
English community after my funa. He
did the same thing to then accuse him of running away and
funar. Some time after I
accepted that horrible advice, I would not have been
able to continue making
content, eh Dr. we have seen
some things here, right? A little
contradictory on some occasions,
right? He claimed the likes he gave and
whenever he could, he wanted to contribute to
crush my  reputation youtubers
and content creators stop
depending on other people to
build communities believe in your
talents and entertainment capacity
the monopoly exists because you
allow it do what you want with
whoever you want that's why I never tire
of saying that even if an agency
gives you numbers and it seems like the easiest path
to success and fame there is nothing
like the tranquility of working for what is
yours and no one can ever
take it away from you up the independent tubers
tinas the blacklist is real and goes
beyond any funa and so they
literally prohibited coaps if they closed
doors and someone was a friend of mine and
whenever someone invited me to something they
always pushed me aside so it wouldn't
affect their work to this tweet about the
blacklist I would give some context in
a response mentioning this about a
drink called merch who later it would be
revealed that it was heto one of the
founders of osu ​​Hey but mer la
exeto had already said about
workplace abuse and many girls from osu
went after her and dismissed her
lawsuits year later time proves her
right we have short memories basically
this Dr is in charge of making talents go viral
by denouncing others when he made
nori funa go viral to animu when he made
nimu go viral he was throwing things at other tubers and when he was in charge of osu ​​he wouldn't stop sharing info he had on nimu when he was their manager now that it's known that rlock was still working within osu it makes a lot more sense that riglo too riglo is also involved in
this riglo is also involved in this
thing riglo they denounced him no we were
seeing here like they denounced him no and and he
was like missing and and recently it's
not that there is Well yes you could say
that he has appeared no I mean
a video was recommended to me and it was a
new channel in which it was still called riglo I
think but I think it wasn't the same channel
as always and suddenly it had so many
views that many media outlets and
criticism channels didn't do about
it not even a quarter of the
videos that were dedicated to me they didn't want to
look bad or lose contacts in the
company after this point I have to tell you
that after this general pronouncement
some youtubers would start to be recognized  it's
true that the
funa of riglo went a little too far, right? They once
worked with Oso, who had to
change their name and avatar apparently
to be more legal since according to comments,
the avatars and names belonged to
this agency. Likewise, a youtuber
named Kali would also expose
Drakeout mentioning that he manipulated her
for this reason that I would comment. I was not
bad when I separated from Drot if someone to
talk to. I am here tired of being
treated like crazy when the
problem was always with those
above. The same thing happened to me when I fought
with Sui, it was the boy's fault that he
came to tell me wrong information and
above all, turn me against my friend, it
is the manipulation that he has always
carried out and the only way I
could understand it was several years later he
acted like a poor thing when it was always
the opposite, he always saw for himself.
Also, a youtuber who
previously worked there would be gif who would
express herself in the following way after
a person recognizes that she
was previously Pandora. Likewise,
Virtual Akira would mention this about the aforementioned
Blacklist for personal reasons
because getting tired of  working
completely alone with the editor being
treated like an idiot constantly being
forced to believe that you have to compete
instead of working together and also
making you work with a guy who is a fraud
because of being a filia are my problems
the blacklist thing is real I have had to
see how the doors were closed to my
girls just because the high command at
that time fell badly they formed
rivalries where in reality they never
existed later on a creator
named NF youtuber would mention that she
would be one of the people who would be on
said Blacklist and that it entailed that
as many know or maybe but let's see it
seems like a [ __ ] of funa no let's
see shita K the worst of osu ​​and
riglock is revealed let's see what the worst is let's see
tell me the worst because if not it's that I
'm bored osu not only exploits
her workers for years they have also
worked for years with rigl that I grume
ah This is the girl well or not or is it another she
sexually abused me and manipulated me to
live with him in a relationship she is the girl
With only  15 years old This is the girl who is
fun there is no proof but they did not ignore it
and continued working with him roldier
worked with riglo having gone through
this a lot of force to all the girls who
are fighting against how much the
company exploited them it is horrible that they
have endured this for so long but it does
sound to me that riglo
couldn't see roldier and roldier couldn't see riglo either it's not that I do
n't understand it's as if they had
a double life in which they have a
company but publicly even
privately it's as if
that double life didn't exist that second life in which they
run a company together one of
riglo we think we watched it here
live what happens is that it seemed that
a lot of that happened no it didn't go viral And
yes if there was evidence the truth is I don't know how
old riglo and saya are I don't know the
truth but it is important if the girl
is 15 yes it is not the age of
consent yet but it depends on
the age that the others are it depends on
the age if not there are many years of
difference it depends on the sexual maturity
of the girl it is like on a legal level it would be
a little subjective  let's say okay man, let's
see if you're 30 years old and you're hooking up
with a 15 year old, obviously. Yes, it's true,
but if you're 15 years old and you're hooking up,
maybe, I mean, if you're 18, 19, 20, it
depends, okay, and you're hooking up with
someone who's 15 or 15 to 16, it
depends, it's very subjective, each case, okay, it
depends on the sexual age of the two,
the sexual maturity. Better said, but let's see
that they were together, that there was a threesome, there
the truth was proven, things as they are. That's how it is,
Paule is also involved in
the funa, Paule, what are you containing, what are you
containing, mistreatment at the
agency, let's see what the
mistreatment is, my ex-boss supported the lies and
defamation they made against me
after leaving his workplace,
like the same with all the explanations,
but let's see what the
mistreatment is, let's see, personally, with the time we've
been in funa, I have to tell you
that I'm seeing her as a bit of a jerk, eh,
I'm seeing her as a bit of a jerk, I don't know  if it's
going to surprise me and suddenly
something incredible is going to come out but for now until
now what we're seeing
seems a little stupid to me Javi Hello
Can I ask you a question what happened with
the ser is missing you know something to
me are you going to ask me about that to me Of course
because I have a contact with him
well I have no idea let's go first news that I
know Eh I have no idea the
truth It seems a little stupid to me
eh I mean I don't know if something strong is going to come out now
this is all the mistreatment
What are they Thank you for stopping by I
love you very much let's see let's listen to this
by audio let's see come on It seems a
little stupid to me eh I just woke up and saw
everything that is happening like the truth
is that until now I hadn't talked about the
subject because Guess what I was forbidden to
do but now that
all the [ __ ] is going down Well I'm going to talk the
truth is that I don't know how to feel about
the girls because when what happened to
me happened they all turned their
backs on me including my
long time friends including Although I
helped them but nevertheless  I'm glad that they
're finally destroying all of this for
these people. The truth is that I don't
care, all the opportunities I've had have been
taken away from me,
so I don't
care anymore. Honestly, I'm going to talk. They want us to. Let's
start with the beginning of W like me, my.
And we started with this and how we harmed
Dixis, say what. First of all, I want to
clarify that the blacklist does exist, it's
completely real, and they applied it to
me very hard. First of all, I
can't monetize my YouTube channel because they
called me a copy, that is, I'm the
creator of this. I kiss Roman. Thank you,
handsome, I'm this and they called me a copy.
Second of all, I was going to join an
agency, I was going to work, I was going to be a bber
for an agency that I'm not going to reveal the
name, but you already know which one it is
because, well, I'm not very involved in that. And
that agency, uh, received an
anonymous message, that's what they told me, but
well, I don't believe that, that if they
debuted me, they were going to close all
the opportunities for their
content creators. They only had two
content creators.  Only two
youtubers and well they told them that they were
going to close the doors and I was debuting
so they voted for me they rejected me they
told me you know what no because well we don't
want to affect our youtubers and
all that no Okay up to there then I entered
another agency that you already know which one it
is and guess what happened Drake up told
them that if I debuted they were going to
close their opportunities to some
content creators who were already
starting to relate to the
members of aasu and guess what happened They
sent me on hiatus the truth is I don't
care because I love these people very much
so I decided to do it Not
because because I V like no because like
accepting wosu's threats no
but because I really love these people
and I don't want to affect them in any
way but well I'm worth it
honestly sorry but I'm worth it
then a very dear friend of mine with whom
I worked Drake up and another member
of osu ​​personally went to tell them to
stay away from me because I was a
liar and all my crap  friends that we
had there, the whole circle of friends
told them not to talk to me and they
completely banned me from any
activity that I could have done So
friends, if the blacklist exists and
finally, rak through Twitter I would
mention that I reported it on the
official karma discord account since
apparently some people had
entered their account and I kind of see it as
nonsense. Let's see, let's move on to something else,
roldier articles appear in media outlets
like la vanguardia as someone who
manages the agency, however, he hasn't
spoken out now, man, there is no
accusation against him, is there
any accusation against any of the
creators, no, I mean, what they're
accusing these people of is being a
shitty agency and behaving badly with the
creators and some of them kick them out, others they
accept them personally, personally. I
expected something else, eh, I mean, or are we missing
something here, but man, we just saw a
20 minute video This is the funa It's that
I was seeing on Twitter
like this was good, the
jeffre island epin is shady Haha But how What
is shady But what is it  murky I mean and
I ask myself a question is that
maybe I'm missing information
Okay, what did the girl at the
beginning have to do with it, the first one we saw who
said she was being abused but in
reality it's not abuse that it had to do
with the company this Javi that
really strong people can't tell it
if they can't tell it we're not going to
find out and don't know F join anyone to me the
tips of the isber you already know that they are not
my thing eh What is gref's thing today from
the grandmother's building something new came out
personally to me it seems like
[ __ ] [ __ ] I mean it seems like an
attempt at funa eh it looks eh Wait wait I
don't want to get ahead of myself it looks
like a shitty attempt at funa eh
roldier from the wosu agency that manages
eight own vtubers and Associates tells me
places it's a different funa he only funned
the founder who was playing osu's vigilante
Ah okay or so or so or so The vigilante The
vigilante who has denounced osu and has
started to bring out things against them is in
turn being denounced by a  girl who
is also accusing him of abusing
but it's not abuse either These are
people wanting to screw each other for the [ __ ] face
right I mean I already know these funas
no Javi the funa was for the
workplace abuse they received but let's see let's see let's
see this one of what what
what ages are we talking about here what
mental ages what mental ages are
we talking about here I mean the funa is they
treated me badly at Partner I mean it
seems like [ __ ] [ __ ] to me Well what I
found yesterday was quite
quite interesting and it is that I don't know if you
know a certain roldier a youtuber
who was quite finished a while ago
now he is being related to
uzu as proof of this is that I found
an article in a newspaper called La
Vanguardia in which it mentions that rodier
is in uguu Let's see I don't know at what level he's
worth but he is related to the
agency so his name has been
quite famous for those of you who don't
know riel I'm going to give you a little
context of what he was at least
a few years ago he's a  person who is very ch to
take by ass I'm going to have a
cameo here but let's see go to
hell because what do I have to have a truck
everywhere I mean but [ __ ] off go
to hell I mean why
but come on we're talking any
day about eh football I mean suddenly I don't
know Shakira and Piqué throw the plates and
throw each other's luggage at the door of the
chalet in Barcelona and Jai Oliveira comes out
over there I'm going to the trial I'm going to the trial of
the miare I mean what the [ __ ] is going on
here What's this cameo for is that
we can live please we can live
some gossip without me appearing I mean it
's The literal eh Because of the old because of the
tasty and because of the cameo eh Let's see gibel is
with the girls yes s the rare other one that
Should Should face some things
what I found out about del reres not only it
seems that he has friends he has
quite pedophile friends but he also
likes to minimize women and
treat them badly yes yes yes yes yes indeed indeed
and rol Deer
explicitly called them stupid
explicitly it goes strong stupid Shut up
stupid What do you know stupid explicit explicit
the one who goes like rold that he goes like he goes like he goes
a little bit he goes
a little bit he goes a little bit of that roll and today
today I was talking about it with a
friend of mine today I was talking about it with a friend of
mine on Twitter he told me it's that
those who turn out to be the ones who act like that of
being more eh what s I red allies good
vibes and such then they are the worst And it's that it
never fails eh for Fast all these people it's that
then it never fails
dude it never fails dude it never fails
they told them that they were useless and
when they complained they made fun of them and
while they were sleeping they wanted to take away their
channels
okay But what evidence is there of this but
what evidence is there be very careful
because although for example rol has always
been about swallowing all the accusations
made against people that he doesn't like
without evidence No in fact having
evidence to the contrary eh we are not going to
do the same and so far we have
42 minutes of extract and I
am not eh seeing absolutely no
evidence  I'm not seeing absolutely
any evidence, okay, I understand that the
accusation is being a piece of [ __ ] from the Network
that they answered them badly, okay. We
would have to see what they call an insult. But
well, they insulted them and such to
put it aside and em that
they tried to take away the
badaboom accounts when the
agreements with her ended, okay. What evidence is there
of that places? What evidence do we have of
those things? The funas that has come to
light with the apparent imminent departure of
its talents from the agency seems like
the right time to expose roldier.
And although he has already been exposed
previously for making hate compas,
having groomer friends and not saying anything
until two years later along with a long
list of questionable old tweets. Ugh,
roll's tweets, man, for me this
problem starts when a dear
friend of mine, an artist recognized by the
community, t such, Receives some messages on
Twitter from R Deer. This happened after
uploading some art, tatal, let's see what happens with
the messages. I'm talking to you because I saw in
funaboot's discord that you do @ and use htas of the
girls with drawings of their characters. It
seems to me that he is  well making content
but I think it could have created something very
negative the ways of providing this
that you have chosen for it Sorry but I'm
going to remove your access to the discord of
these and I would ask that you delete the
drawings that you have made mentioning it and
using hasag that the community uses to
share drawings some of them
minor and that you have
used incorrectly you can upload it again but I beg
that you do not use these tags or mentions
labels It's like going to your face showing you
something that of course you may not want or
may be unpleasant, I mean these
types of drawings are drawing them in a
sexual way I don't understand I think
this funa is a tremendous [ __ ] until
now eh forgive me for telling you if
tomorrow we find new and stronger things
or whatever we will see them of
course and when evidence of something super serious comes out
eh we will see them okay eh but until
now eh I feel like insulting you I feel like
insulting you INS insult er
is a [ __ ] [ __ ] Hello grandpa for so
long I always here moderating without
donating biceps I follow your golden rule I only
ban those who  are against your guests
So let's activate those
Twitch Partners I want to see those
exclusive emotes that I sent you do it for the
community right dude you sent me some
emotes let's see those that
Ivan has I have no idea But thanks
for the for the bits really handsome thanks for
the bits careful that they deceive you for
asking for the evidence but it's not that
but it's not that they're going to ask me for
the evidence it's that really Eh This is
all there is no places I mean we
understand that this is all there is we
just saw a video that tells you eh
La La La La La complete deceive well
we'll see how this evolves but
for now it seems like [ __ ] [ __ ] to me
It's that in itself it's not that in itself it's not that
the accusations are
about something super serious like that they
treated her badly that they treat you badly or they
speak to you badly in a place well take it you
go with your such no And then the fact that
the fact that they want to take away their
characters of course That's where
the bad ones would be I mean the bad ones not
the most  It's bad from what I've heard, they
prove there's not just one testimony. The
worst thing I've heard is the
issue of them taking away their accounts.
We'll see how this develops. This is fine.
And what evidence is there? We'll see how
this develops and what evidence comes out, but
for now, be cautious, be cautious.
[Music]
okay.
Oh